The files in this directory are source files for all examples in
D.R. Musser and Atul Saini, STL Tutorial and Reference Guide: C++
Programming with the Standard Template Library Addison-Wesley,
Reading, MA, 1996. (Available now.)


String class

The header file for the string class used in many of the example
programs (donated by Modena Software Inc.), bstring.h, is included.
This class satisfies most of the requirements for the string class
specified by the ANSI/ISO Draft Standard for C++, but it is not
completely up to date with more recent changes in the Standard.


STL source code

The October 31, 1995 final release of the Hewlett-Packard STL
implementation is available at ftp://ftp.cs.rpi.edu/pub/stl/book.
It has been modified slightly to compile well with several major
compilers.


STL-Compatible Compilers

The book's examples, bstring.h, and STL source code (the modified
version available at the RPI site) have all been
tested successfully with the following compilers:

  Apogee, version 3.0 (Unix)
  Borland C++, Version 4.5 (DOS/Windows)
  IBM xlC (AIX)
  IBM CSet++ (OS/2), 
  Microsoft Visual C++, version 4.0 (DOS/Windows)

The examples and bstring.h have also been tested with the Free
Software Foundation's compiler,

  GNU C++, version 2.7.2,

which is available on many platforms and comes with its own adaptation
of HP STL. All of the example programs compile and execute properly
with this version except Examples 5-9, 6-9, 13-1, 14-1, and 16-1. 

Other compilers that have been reported to be able to compile STL
include DEC C++ 5.0, EDG C++ front-end 2.29 (several compilers based
on it), IBM VisualAge C++ 3.0, Kuck and Associates' Photon C++,
Metrowerk's Codewarrior 7, Rational Apex C/C++ 2.0.6 , SGI C++ 4.0,
Sun C++ 4.1, Symantec C++ 7.2, Watcom C++ 10.5. For further
information on STL-compatibility of these and other compilers, see
http://www.cyberport.com/~tangent/programming/stlres.html, a Web
site maintained by Warren Young.



